[Music]
down
to another video having a lovely day
this video is going to be a bit of a
christmas
vlog going to the lake district for
we're planning on leaving earlier but
wrapping presents and everything it took
a little bit longer so
we were just kind of rushing around the
house
all right yeah we've got everything um
christmas presents oh yeah let's go here
let's walk
is in the back i have to pack a bag for
penelope it's like having a little baby
everyone's out walking their dogs
obviously it's christmas eve today when
i'm filming this park
super excited i've got a christmas
pajamas
for tonight and also because we're going
to the lakes like
we're going to go on a walk and stuff so
brought a bunch of walking stuff
yesterday had an advanced last minute
black lug
an advanced lash lift yesterday
by my lovely friend rebecca it literally
feels like i've got individual
lashes on in a way um because they're so
upright but i think
because my lashes are quite long as it
is like they've kind of gone
inwards a bit so hopefully they might
calm down
by tomorrow that's all for now i've
caught some snacks
brought some coke to your eyes
[Music]
a few moments later we just checked into
our hotel and everything
as i just it was earlier yeah just got
all
our stuff in from the car like obviously
so much stuff
and i'm running around outside of
penelope we ended up getting a chinese
that's probably still around my face and
just like drinks and stuff
and it's about half 11 now so we're
going to go to bed and i
just thought i'd show you around this
little room now he's actually living her
life like she loves going to
new places she's got her own bed here as
well
i'm really quite tired like i only have
one drink
we've got this new vodka let me show you
a you
black grape vodka so i'll give that a
try
and it's really nice with some lemonade
a complete like rest day haven't done
anything really active i took
on a walk this morning i've been like
obviously going back and forth to the
cast i think i've done about 10 000
steps today
yeah just had a really nice quiet
christmas eve i feel like
this year especially it's a different
one isn't it for all of us
um i think it's just making the best out
of
the situation so this is penelope's
little setup she's just finishing off
her dinner she's got her
little bed she won't even sleep in there
to be honest because she's
maybe but i'm not holding her breath but
i think she's got such a thick coat
she gets so hot all the time you come
through here this is melissa's
birthday cake a little cute little
coffee station
and if he is here some wardrobe i don't
think i'm gonna bother like unpacking my
suitcase because
we're not here for that long really nice
like country feel
kind of hotel the view is supposed to
really nice isn't it
in the morning so i'll show you out here
in the morning right now it's just like
pitch black
but um because we've got penelope this
is like a ground floor
apartment and he also wants to go back
out again she was loving her life
out there earlier come on bedtime
and then we just popped all the presents
and stuff like some of this is obviously
because melissa's birthday's on
christmas
um day so we've got some stuff in
there and then like some other mixed
stuff which
doesn't have name tags on so hopefully
we're just out in the morning
[Music]
good morning merry christmas
um we've just put our christmas pjs on
and gotten oh forgotten we've gone a
little bit ready i took kenovia for a
little walk and she ran off
down this flipping valley we're just
gonna go to breakfast in a bit we're
just gonna go and see
melissa and give her her birthday
presents and stuff it's so cute here
like there's some other dogs that
therapy
is desperate to play with we just woke
up put some christmas music on and had a
shower
at well last night which is very rare i
normally don't sleep that great
the bed's just not the same as your own
so yeah
these didn't quite look like what i had
in mind nevertheless
it mostly got matching ones but in a
different color
[Music]
thank you for having me
oh sorry you hold it wow
whoa whoa
oh no
[Music]
oh
it's really special
i was actually thinking about my oh it's
lovely for them
[Applause]
[Music]
hello breakfast and the snow on the
mountain up there
you can actually see there's like snow
up there
oh i needed one of these
thank you i didn't know they come in
boxes
i love it
christmas picture from two christmases
ago so today is the first day
that we're actually seeing this place in
daylight because it was so dark wasn't
it last night when we got here and like
the
views are so pretty driving
to go on a walk i had a really nice
christmas breakfast
we got um porridge and what else did i
get
eggs benedict yeah i didn't really fancy
full english
[Music]
we're having christmas dinner at about
one o'clock i think and
it is quarter to 12 now love that
so i think we're just gonna go maybe on
like a little short walk penelope is
living
her absolute dream life escaping out the
front door this morning
i've changed from her harness to like a
neck collar for the first time ever and
she's really like not a big fan
she keeps slipping the light off her
neck because she's got such thick
fur this brother has also joined us
today
so i'm like with mason's family because
it's only like me my dad and my brother
christmas is always really difficult we
see everyone kind of do different things
and obviously my brother and his
girlfriend's family
live in durham so it just makes it a bit
tricky i don't see where they are
they're not behind me we're supposed to
doing convoy right now
found a massive like waterfall place um
which is on your seven minutes from
the hotel we're staying in and he's here
i'm really enjoying this right now
because we had that massive such a big
breakfast
i felt so stodgy yeah this is nice
making room
for christmas dinner
just got showered and changed
being about to go wow what do you think
vanilla
she's really beautiful were you wearing
my
jeans and top while you were opening up
i'm going to sleep i'm right here
let's go it's going to go i don't know
if you can see too much
velvet we've all just been
taking some pictures but it's a really
nice view actually
and now head into christmas the dinner
girl beautiful i feel like we're a
better
wedding actually angelicons
[Music]
um
okay
is
[Music]
finished our christmas dinner a few
hours ago actually um we've been back
to the room and stuff and um
we said we didn't want the cheeseboard
on the phone
just gonna die now my camera but yeah
now it's been a few hours i'm really
regretting
not getting the cheeseburgers
[Music]
what is uh binoculars no uh
the sky
[Music]
b
good morning so it's boxing day and just
going for breakfast
had a nice lane today
it is boxing day and we're coming for a
big boxing day walk
and it's called helen fell you know what
we've got into a habit of
which is basically we put it in the sat
nav and end up driving to the top of the
walk like we've done this a few times
there's a sign saying no parking so we
just need to find somewhere to park up
the views around here crazy
this side of the lake it's all water is
super different actually to um
windermere like more sort of untouched
the only thing is these roads are
basically one way although
like you cannot fit two cars so a car
came earlier and we were like
inches away from scratching it
centimeters yeah
red van was lethal just not stopping for
no one
i still feel stuffed to the brim from
my breakfast this morning i had like
biggest tub of
nutella with croissants like a full
english kind of thing as well
i loaded this picture yesterday this was
the dress that i was like a green one
from plt
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
um
both in our robes
a fish finger sandwich it kind of looks
like extra large scampi
with some chunky chip a steak sandwich
with skinny
chips and sticky toffee pudding and
we're just going to watch a movie i
think
on netflix
[Music]
and everything and i've also enjoyed
this little festive
kind of vlog i'd love to by subscribing
if you're new here and i'll see you in
the next video